[MUSIC PLAYING]
Are you a teacher
who wants to develop
your pedagogical
knowledge to create more
effective programming lessons?
What taxonomies and
learning theories
can you use to teach programming
to primary school pupils aged
5 to 11?
How can you model a learning
sequence as a semantic wave?
This free course will teach
you about pedagogical concepts
like Bloom's Taxonomy,
cognitive load
theory, Use-Modify-Create,
and Parsons problems.
You'll take part in
practical activities
to design lessons using
levels of abstraction,
guided exploration,
and targeted tasks.
This four-week course also
contains peer-led discussions,
trainer interaction, and
feedback on your knowledge
as you progress.
You can learn whenever
and wherever you want.
So if you're an educator
looking to improve
how you teach programming
in your school,
this course will help
you to understand
the principles of primary
programming pedagogy.
Sign up now at
rpf.io/primarypedagogy.
[CLICK]